Notes for the week of january 17, 2022
Full stack javascript course

Node core global objects are the intended material today

Be careful to stick to reliable sources and recent posts when googling

As in Python group all import statements at the start of a file

Become a master googler

HTTP module. as described in the associated http.js file in this folder
- http, hypertext transfer protocol, is a standard for transferring data over the web
- tcp/ip is a standard for internet communication. a packet switch network. Could be its own course.

URL module - universal resource locator, a way to identify a resource on the web. module allows parsing of url strings

event module - handles events and responses to events, both client side and server side

fs module - file system module. described in greater detail in fs.js

os module - operating system module. described in greater detail in os.js. get information about the system and OS

much of our back end code, server specifically, will be headless and run from the command line'

moment module - a library for working with dates and times. read the documentation and create moment.js in future
- moment is not a baked in global module. it is a module that is installed with npm


Next up NPM

Whats the difference npm and npx?
npm is a package manager for node. installs packages to system
npx runs code from outside the local file system. no need to install packages

always start a node project by running npm init. 
this will create a package.json file in the root of the project.
the package.json file contains information about the project and its dependencies and scripts
dependencies are packages that the project depends on and will be pushed to production versions
dev dependencies are packages used in development and will not be pushed to production versions

version numbers are important.
major release. minor release. patch release.
in a package json file, the version number is the version of the package
we use ^ and ~ to specify the version number of a dependency required by the project

moment package handles working with dates and times
npm install moment  
^^ would install the moment package to the project
This will automatically update the package.json file with the version number of the moment package

Popular packages
crypto - a library for working with cryptographic primitives. formerly a package, now built in to node

axios - a library for making http requests.

lodash - a library for working with arrays and objects.

moment - a library for working with dates and times.

uuid - a library for generating unique identifiers.

prettier - a library for formatting code.

socket.io - a library for working with websockets.

nodemon - a library for automatically restarting a node server when a file changes.





